fix: ensure RunEvent::Exit is triggered on restart (#12313)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/restart-may-not-publish-exit-event.md

---
"tauri": patch:bug
---

> `AppHandle::restart()` may not send `RunEvent::Exit` event before exiting the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AppHandle::restart()` now waits for `RunEvent::Exit` to be delivered before restarting the application.
```
